w/andorogynus/bosque/items/seta.c line 12: Undefined function set_genero
w/andorogynus/bosque/items/seta.c line 12: Undefined function set_gender
w/andorogynus/bosque/npc/faisan.c line 16: Undefined variable 'penko1'
w/andorogynus/bosque/npc/faisan.c line 16: Undefined variable 'penko1'
w/andorogynus/bosque/npc/faisan.c line 16: Undefined variable 'penko1'
w/andorogynus/bosque/npc/faisan.c line 16: Undefined variable 'penko1'
w/andorogynus/bosque/rooms/b0106.c line 3: Cannot #include ../path.h
w/andorogynus/bosque/rooms/b0106.c line 19: Undefined variable 'MARA'
w/andorogynus/bosque/rooms/b0106.c line 19: parse error
w/andorogynus/bosque/rooms/b1207.c line 2: parse error
w/andorogynus/bosque/rooms/b2502.c line 2: parse error
w/andorogynus/bosque/rooms/b0505.c line 4: parse error
w/andorogynus/bosque/rooms/b0505.c line 4: parse error
w/andorogynus/bosque/rooms/b0505.c line 4: parse error
w/andorogynus/bosque/rooms/b0505.c line 4: parse error
w/andorogynus/bosque/rooms/b0505.c line 3: parse error
w/andorogynus/bosque/rooms/b0505.c line 3: parse error
w/andorogynus/bosque/rooms/b0505.c line 1: parse error
w/andorogynus/bosque/rooms/b0505.c line 1: parse error
w/andorogynus/bosque/rooms/b0505.c line 1: parse error
w/andorogynus/bosque/rooms/b0505.c line 3: parse error
w/andorogynus/bosque/rooms/b0505.c line 3: parse error
w/andorogynus/bosque/rooms/b0505.c line 15: parse error
w/andorogynus/bosque/rooms/b3512.c line 2: parse error
w/andorogynus/zona/rooms/ejemplo.c line 8: parse error
w/andorogynus/zona/rooms/ejemplo.c line 8: parse error
w/andorogynus/zona/rooms/ejemplo.c line 9: parse error
w/andorogynus/zona/rooms/path.h line 3: parse error
w/andorogynus/zona/rooms/path.h line 3: parse error
w/andorogynus/zona/rooms/path.h line 3: parse error
w/andorogynus/zona/rooms/path.h line 3: parse error
w/andorogynus/zona/rooms/path.h line 3: parse error
w/andorogynus/zona/rooms/path.h line 3: parse error
w/andorogynus/zona/rooms/ejemplo.c line 2: parse error
w/andorogynus/zona/rooms/path.h line 3: parse error
w/andorogynus/zona/rooms/path.h line 3: parse error
w/andorogynus/zona/rooms/path.h line 3: parse error
w/andorogynus/zona/rooms/path.h line 3: parse error
w/andorogynus/zona/rooms/ejemplo.c line 11: Undefined variable 'ZONA'
w/andorogynus/zona/rooms/ejemplo.c line 14: Undefined variable 'MAR'
w/andorogynus/zona/rooms/ejemplo.c line 14: parse error
w/andorogynus/zona/rooms/ejemplo.c line 11: Undefined variable 'ZONA'
