w/zonzamas/workroom.c line 73: parse error
w/zonzamas/workroom.c line 73: parse error
w/zonzamas/workroom.c line 75: parse error
w/zonzamas/workroom.c line 75: parse error
w/zonzamas/standard.c line 4: Cannot #include light_defs.inc
w/zonzamas/light_defs.inc line 52: parse error
w/zonzamas/light_defs.inc line 52: parse error
w/zonzamas/ciudad.c line 3: parse error
w/zonzamas/lib/player.c line 178: parse error
w/zonzamas/lib/player.c line 181: Illegal LHS
w/zonzamas/lib/player.c line 181: parse error
w/zonzamas/lib/player.c line 182: Illegal LHS
w/zonzamas/lib/player.c line 182: parse error
w/zonzamas/lib/player.c line 193: Illegal LHS
w/zonzamas/lib/player.c line 178: parse error
w/zonzamas/lib/player.c line 181: Illegal LHS
w/zonzamas/lib/player.c line 181: parse error
w/zonzamas/lib/player.c line 182: Illegal LHS
w/zonzamas/lib/player.c line 182: parse error
w/zonzamas/lib/player.c line 193: Illegal LHS
w/zonzamas/workroom.c line 20: Undefined variable 'this_player'
w/zonzamas/workroom.c line 19: parse error
w/zonzamas/workroom.c line 19: parse error
w/zonzamas/access_control.c line 3: Cannot #include path.h
w/zonzamas/access_control.c line 25: Undefined variable 'HEAVEN'
w/zonzamas/mishadow.c line 9: parse error
w/zonzamas/mishadow.c line 12: parse error
w/zonzamas/mishadow.c line 12: parse error
w/zonzamas/mishadow.c line 12: parse error
w/zonzamas/workroom.c line 20: Type of returned value doesn't match function return type ( string vs int ).
