w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 55: Undefined variable 'espada'
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 70: Undefined variable 'armadura'
w/karndaragh/entrada.c line 21: parse error
w/karndaragh/entrada.c line 21: parse error
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 55: Undefined variable 'espada'
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 70: Undefined variable 'armadura'
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 55: Undefined variable 'espada'
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 70: Undefined variable 'armadura'
w/karndaragh/entrada.c line 22: parse error
w/karndaragh/entrada.c line 22: parse error
w/karndaragh/hacha_sangrienta.c line 19: parse error
w/karndaragh/hacha_sangrienta.c line 19: parse error
w/karndaragh/hacha_sangrienta.c line 19: Undefined variable 'add'
w/karndaragh/hacha_sangrienta.c line 19: parse error
w/karndaragh/hacha_sangrienta.c line 19: Undefined variable 'add'
w/karndaragh/hacha_sangrienta.c line 19: parse error
w/karndaragh/entrada.c line 22: parse error
w/karndaragh/entrada.c line 22: parse error
w/karndaragh/entrada.c line 22: parse error
w/karndaragh/entrada.c line 22: parse error
w/karndaragh/entrada.c line 22: parse error
w/karndaragh/entrada.c line 22: parse error
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: Reserved type name unexpected.
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: parse error
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: Illegal LHS
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: Undefined variable 'player'
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 71: Undefined variable 'escudo'
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 85: Undefined variable 'armadura'
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: Reserved type name unexpected.
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: parse error
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: Illegal LHS
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 71: Undefined variable 'escudo'
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 85: Undefined variable 'armadura'
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 92: Undefined variable 'str'
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 3: parse error
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: Reserved type name unexpected.
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: parse error
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: Illegal LHS
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 92: Undefined variable 'str'
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: Reserved type name unexpected.
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: parse error
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: Illegal LHS
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 92: Undefined variable 'str'
w/karndaragh/entrada.c line 22: parse error
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: Reserved type name unexpected.
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: parse error
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: Illegal LHS
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 92: Undefined variable 'str'
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: Reserved type name unexpected.
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: parse error
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: Illegal LHS
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 92: Undefined variable 'str'
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: Reserved type name unexpected.
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: parse error
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: Illegal LHS
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 92: Undefined variable 'str'
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: Reserved type name unexpected.
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: parse error
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: Illegal LHS
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 92: Undefined variable 'str'
w/karndaragh/mazmorra.c line 36: parse error
w/karndaragh/mazmorra.c line 42: Illegal LHS
w/karndaragh/mazmorra.c line 36: parse error
w/karndaragh/mazmorra.c line 42: Illegal LHS
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: Reserved type name unexpected.
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: parse error
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: Illegal LHS
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 92: Undefined variable 'str'
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: Reserved type name unexpected.
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: parse error
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 56: Illegal LHS
w/karndaragh/workroom.c line 92: Undefined variable 'str'
w/karndaragh/mazmorra.c line 36: parse error
w/karndaragh/mazmorra.c line 42: Illegal LHS
w/karndaragh/mazmorra.c line 36: parse error
w/karndaragh/mazmorra.c line 42: Illegal LHS
w/karndaragh/bestia.c line 3: Cannot #include ./../path.h
w/karndaragh/bestia.c line 53: Undefined variable 'CREATOR'
w/karndaragh/bestia.c line 3: Cannot #include ./../path.h
w/karndaragh/bestia.c line 53: Undefined variable 'CREATOR'
w/karndaragh/bestia.c line 3: Cannot #include ./../path.h
w/karndaragh/bestia.c line 53: Undefined variable 'CREATOR'
