w/tyrael/a_espec.c line 25: Wrong number of arguments to add_attack
    Expected: 4  Got: 7
w/tyrael/a_espec.c line 94: parse error
w/tyrael/exec_tmp.c line 4: Undefined variable 'testaza'
w/tyrael/exec_tmp.c line 4: Undefined variable 'here'
w/tyrael/exec_tmp.c line 4: parse error
w/tyrael/exec_tmp.c line 4: Single '#' in identifier -- use '##' for token pasting
w/tyrael/exec_tmp.c line 4: parse error
w/tyrael/exec_tmp.c line 4: parse error
w/tyrael/exec_tmp.c line 4: parse error
w/tyrael/exec_tmp.c line 4: parse error
w/tyrael/exec_tmp.c line 4: parse error
w/tyrael/exec_tmp.c line 4: parse error
w/tyrael/exec_tmp.c line 4: parse error
w/tyrael/exec_tmp.c line 4: parse error
w/tyrael/exec_tmp.c line 4: parse error
w/tyrael/exec_tmp.c line 4: parse error
w/tyrael/exec_tmp.c line 4: parse error
w/tyrael/exec_tmp.c line 6: End of file in string
w/tyrael/exec_tmp.c line 4: parse error
w/tyrael/exec_tmp.c line 4: parse error
w/tyrael/exec_tmp.c line 4: Undefined variable 'ghejed'
