w/xerxes/urghak/npc/cabeza.c line 16: Undefined function set_genero
w/xerxes/urghak/npc/cabeza.c line 29: Undefined variable 'str'
w/xerxes/urghak/npc/cabeza.c line 54: parse error
w/xerxes/urghak/npc/cabeza.c line 80: Illegal character constant
w/xerxes/urghak/npc/cabeza.c line 128: End of file in string
w/xerxes/urghak/npc/cabeza.c line 53: parse error
w/xerxes/urghak/npc/cabeza.c line 127: End of file in string
w/xerxes/urghak/npc/cabeza.c line 53: parse error
w/xerxes/urghak/npc/cabeza.c line 127: End of file in string
w/xerxes/urghak/npc/cabeza.c line 99: parse error
w/xerxes/urghak/npc/cabeza.c line 100: Illegal LHS
w/xerxes/urghak/npc/cabeza.c line 107: Undefined variable 'str'
w/xerxes/urghak/npc/cabeza.c line 100: parse error
w/xerxes/urghak/npc/cabeza.c line 100: Illegal LHS
w/xerxes/urghak/npc/cabeza.c line 106: Undefined variable 'ob'
w/xerxes/urghak/npc/cabeza.c line 132: parse error
w/xerxes/urghak/npc/cabeza.c line 132: parse error
w/xerxes/npc/nephilim.c line 45: break statement outside loop
w/xerxes/npc/nephilim.c line 44: Undefined variable 'me'
w/xerxes/npc/nephilim.c line 45: parse error
w/xerxes/shifter/guild_shifter.c line 8: parse error
w/xerxes/shifter/guild_shifter.c line 59: End of file in string
w/xerxes/shifter/guild_shifter.c line 8: parse error
w/xerxes/shifter/guild_shifter.c line 59: End of file in string
w/xerxes/shifter/guild_shifter.c line 8: parse error
w/xerxes/shifter/guild_shifter.c line 58: End of file in string
w/xerxes/objs/gedd.c line 14: Undefined function add_main
w/xerxes/objs/gedd.c line 10: Undefined function add_main_plural
w/xerxes/objs/gedd.c line 14: Undefined function add_main
w/xerxes/objs/gedd.c line 12: Undefined function add_main
w/xerxes/objs/gedd.c line 10: Undefined function add_main_plural
w/xerxes/room/bosque/bosquec31.c line 3: Cannot #include ../../path.h
w/xerxes/room/bosque/bosquec31.c line 5: parse error
w/xerxes/room/bosque/bosque18.c line 3: Cannot #include ../../path.h
w/xerxes/room/bosque/bosque18.c line 5: parse error
w/xerxes/room/bosque/bosque18.c line 5: parse error
w/xerxes/path.h line 1: Missing leading " or < in #include
w/xerxes/room/bosque/bosque18.c line 5: parse error
w/xerxes/path.h line 1: Missing leading " or < in #include
w/xerxes/room/bosque/bosque18.c line 5: parse error
w/xerxes/urghak/room/poblado/poblado1.c line 17: Undefined variable 'POBLADO'
w/xerxes/urghak/room/poblado/poblado1.c line 18: Undefined variable 'BOSQUE'
w/xerxes/npc/guardian_anduar.c line 3: Cannot #include path.h
w/xerxes/npc/guardian_anduar.c line 73: Undefined variable 'TIEMPO'
w/xerxes/objs/big_paridas/chipote.c line 3: parse error
w/xerxes/objs/big_paridas/chipote.c line 7: End of file in string
w/xerxes/testmago/guild_brujos.c line 48: Undefined variable 'no'
w/xerxes/testmago/guild_brujos.c line 48: parse error
w/xerxes/testmago/room/main.c line 8: parse error
w/xerxes/testmago/room/main.c line 46: parse error
w/xerxes/testmago/room/main.c line 43: parse error
w/xerxes/testmago/room/main.c line 55: Illegal LHS
w/xerxes/testmago/room/main.c line 55: parse error
w/xerxes/testmago/room/main.c line 43: Undefined variable 'orange'
w/xerxes/testmago/room/main.c line 43: Undefined variable 'yellow'
w/xerxes/testmago/room/piso1_1.c line 6: Undefined function set_short
w/xerxes/testmago/room/piso1_1.c line 7: Undefined function set_long
w/xerxes/testmago/room/piso1_1.c line 9: Undefined function set_exit_color
w/xerxes/testmago/room/piso1_1.c line 10: Undefined variable 'ROOM'
w/xerxes/testmago/room/piso1_1.c line 10: Undefined function add_exit
w/xerxes/testmago/room/piso1_1.c line 11: Undefined variable 'ROOM'
w/xerxes/testmago/npc/discordia.c line 46: Undefined function already_attacking
w/xerxes/testmago/npc/discordia.c line 72: Redeclaration of function already_attacking.
w/xerxes/urghak/room/poblado/poblado1.c line 17: Undefined variable 'POBLADO'
w/xerxes/urghak/room/poblado/poblado1.c line 18: Undefined variable 'BOSQUE'
w/xerxes/backstab/punyal_oxidado.c line 17: Undefined variable 'lvl'
w/xerxes/workroom.c line 13: Undefined variable 'CREATOR'
w/xerxes/workroom.c line 21: parse error
w/xerxes/workroom.c line 1: parse error
w/xerxes/workroom.c line 9: parse error
w/xerxes/urghak/room/poblado/poblado1.c line 17: Undefined variable 'POBLADO'
w/xerxes/urghak/room/poblado/poblado1.c line 18: Undefined variable 'BOSQUE'
w/xerxes/urghak/room/poblado/poblado27.c line 15: Undefined variable 'POBLADO'
