w/blastaar/items/mazadeacero.c line 17: Undefined function set_thohanded
w/blastaar/items/mazadeacero.c line 39: parse error
w/blastaar/items/mazadeacero.c line 17: Undefined function set_thohanded
w/blastaar/items/mazadeacero.c line 39: parse error
w/blastaar/items/mazadeacero.c line 17: Undefined function set_thohanded
w/blastaar/items/mazadeacero.c line 39: parse error
w/blastaar/items/mazadeacero.c line 1: parse error
w/blastaar/items/cotaac.c line 16: Undefined function set_genero
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/npcs/ghorothor.c line 22: parse error
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/npcs/ghorothor.c line 22: parse error
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/rooms/cm1.c line 14: parse error
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/rooms/cm1.c line 17: End of file in string
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/rooms/cm6.c line 16: parse error
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/rooms/cm6.c line 19: End of file in string
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/rooms/cm6.c line 16: parse error
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/rooms/cm6.c line 19: End of file in string
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/rooms/cm6.c line 16: parse error
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/rooms/cm6.c line 19: End of file in string
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/rooms/cm7.c line 16: parse error
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/rooms/cm7.c line 19: End of file in string
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/rooms/cm9.c line 16: parse error
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/rooms/cm9.c line 19: End of file in string
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/rooms/cm9.c line 16: parse error
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/rooms/cm9.c line 19: End of file in string
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/rooms/cm9.c line 16: parse error
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/rooms/cm9.c line 19: End of file in string
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/rooms/cm8.c line 16: parse error
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/rooms/cm8.c line 19: End of file in string
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/rooms/cm7.c line 16: parse error
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/rooms/cm7.c line 19: End of file in string
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/rooms/cm6.c line 16: parse error
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/rooms/cm6.c line 19: End of file in string
w/blastaar/montanyas_salvajes/npcs/aventurero.c line 26: parse error
