w/vulvac/npcs/agricultor.c line 2: Cannot #include path.h
w/vulvac/npcs/agricultor.c line 2: Cannot #include path.h
w/vulvac/npcs/agricultor.c line 2: Cannot #include path.h
w/vulvac/npcs/agricultor.c line 21: parse error
w/vulvac/npcs/agricultor.c line 32: Illegal LHS
w/vulvac/npcs/agricultora.c line 10: parse error
w/vulvac/npcs/agricultora.c line 31: Illegal LHS
w/vulvac/cultivos/cultivo_60.c line 14: parse error
w/vulvac/cultivos/cultivo_60.c line 14: parse error
w/vulvac/cultivos/cultivo_60.c line 14: parse error
w/vulvac/cultivos/cultivo_60.c line 14: parse error
w/vulvac/cultivos/cultivo_60.c line 14: parse error
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_4.c line 15: parse error
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_2.c line 14: Undefined variable 'PALACIO'
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_3.c line 14: Undefined variable 'PALACIO'
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_4.c line 14: Undefined variable 'PALACIO'
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_4.c line 15: parse error
w/vulvac/palacio/path.c line 2: parse error
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_1.c line 14: Undefined variable 'PALACIO'
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_1.c line 14: Undefined variable 'PALACIO'
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_2.c line 14: Undefined variable 'PALACIO'
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_3.c line 14: Undefined variable 'PALACIO'
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_4.c line 14: Undefined variable 'PALACIO'
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_4.c line 15: parse error
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_1.c line 14: Undefined variable 'PALACIO'
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_1.c line 14: Undefined variable 'PALACIO'
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_2.c line 14: Undefined variable 'PALACIO'
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_3.c line 14: Undefined variable 'PALACIO'
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_4.c line 14: Undefined variable 'PALACIO'
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_4.c line 15: parse error
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_1.c line 14: Undefined variable 'PALACIO'
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_2.c line 14: Undefined variable 'PALACIO'
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_3.c line 14: Undefined variable 'PALACIO'
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_4.c line 14: Undefined variable 'PALACIO'
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_4.c line 15: parse error
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_1.c line 14: Undefined variable 'PALACIO'
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_2.c line 14: Undefined variable 'PALACIO'
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_3.c line 14: Undefined variable 'PALACIO'
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_4.c line 14: Undefined variable 'PALACIO'
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_4.c line 15: parse error
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_4.c line 15: parse error
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_4.c line 15: parse error
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_4.c line 15: parse error
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_4.c line 15: parse error
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_30.c line 14: parse error
w/vulvac/palacio/palacio_30.c line 14: parse error
